### Lead

Kevin Vuong

### Attendees

Sarah Gerard

Jason Livinghouse

Michelle Hu

Nathaniel Kong

Owen Gao

### Recording Link

https://youtu.be/Lins4G1V7AY

### Agenda

* Introductions, Zoom Protocol
* Completely Shifting Bit Project to Remote: Reasoning
* Plans for Spring Quarter
  * BitCamps continuing on Zoom
    * READMEs
      * Bryan and Kevin are finalizing all the READMES
  * Next quarter's BitCamps
    * Everything will be online/ zoom so no transitions really 
  * Meetings: Team Syncs, 1-1s per week on Zoom
    * all group meetings have to be recorded and put on YouTube
    * agendas committed to GitHub repository (people)
    * All meetings will be on Zoom to be more transparent 
    * Everyone has to meet with their team every week 
    * One on One's with everyone on your team (Does not need to be recorded)
    * 
  * Onboarding will also be on GitHub in the form of issues
    * Everyone who is being onboarded will have a list of tasks 
      * I.E. A series of OnBoarding tasks
      * We will split the big lecture with 3-4 webinars 
      * When they finish, they will be formally admitted
      * New people will have to meet with each Developer Head one-to-one
      * Be Friendly
  * Remote contributors from other schools 
    * Each school we work with will work on a module
    * Everyone will be in charge of week 1 of a bootcamp
    * Everyone in UCDavis will be an Engineering Manager 
    * In the immediate term, what topics do you all want to work on
  * Marketing Bit Project at UCD
    * So many CS and CE majors who are bored around the country 
      * Good opportunity. We are going to accept everyone
      * A lot of joining for the next couple weeks
      * Our job is to get a lot of people who are working under the same workflow as us      
  * Each school will have their own team lead
    * The team leads will report to a reviewer at Davis 
  * Culture Wise 
    * We want a better culture. So remote socials!!! 
    * In one on one you don't have to talk about work exactly. Try to talk about friendship. 
    * Virtual Board Game night is stupid. (Says Daniel) Movie Nights? Takeout Nights? 
    * We want people to feel like they fit in!!! 
  * Very detailed guidelines and procedures to be written out by town hall Mon, 3/23
  * The way they TownHall works is that theirs an agenda 
    * A way to listen to a feedback. We expect 40 to 60% of a handbook. Open the floor to feedback from people. Biweekly thing. 
  * All the Reviewers are working on Modules
