# Meeting Purpose

**Lead**
Mary Bangloy 

**Attendees**
* Mary Bangloy (@mbangloy) 
* Jasmine Yee (@jazyee) 
* Lily Hem (@lilyhem) 
* David Miller (@davidmiller7)
* Winnie Zhang (@winniezhang-23)
* Amanda Huang (@ah1013)
* Monica Tsui
* Lauren Sharkey
* Shreya Gupta

## Updates:
*What has been completed and can be checked off*

* Finish peer reviews / edits by friday night 


* Lilly 
  * CS Slides 2 need designs 
  * Love Model: Lily and Amanda (July 14th)
  * Excel Sheet for names of people for each event (so Umayr can assign roles)
  * Lily will be banterer for all CS Events 
  * Permanent Producer / chat moderator on excel sheet will be Mary and Jasmine 
  * Umayr wants us to have a slide expaling who we are / what Bitproject is for each presentaion

* Amanda 
	* Update certain graphics for CS lesson plan and Lung Model slides. 
  

## Discussion Points:
*Ideas, feedback, concerns, plans*
* Microsoft event Feedback/discussion of DNA Model and Earthquake
  * DNA Model (07/03/20) - First time using MS Teams Live - 10 attendees
  * Pros: Recording available at the end 
          Chat moderator can manage comments posted
    Cons: Kid's cant show their finished work
          Not sure how many kids are interacting 
          Presenters can't see the chat
  * MS Legal team prompted the move to MS Live events
  * Drop in attendence from 40-50 in the past, to around 10 in recent events 
  * Learning Curve in using MS Live
  * Currently developing 8 new curriculum every 2/3 weeks
  * Varrying workload and attendence levels from week to week
  * How can we increase attendence with increased/better martketing
  * Lauren may be able to share and publicize flyers to LA elementary schools
  * Very minimal responses via Airtable parents from previous Bit events
  * Using recordings for a marketing promo
  * Mary could also post BitProject flyers/info in LA FB community groups
  * Umayr has now increased marketing our Bit events globally. 
  * edu platform for educating and training new members 
  * primary ed team could update the various categories accordingly / best practices, etc
  * 3 rounds of interviews aimed to guide canadate on different areas/skills needed primary ed team

* ROLLS for Next MS Event (1pm 7/10/2020) 
  * Presenters: Lauren + Mary
  * Moderator: Mary   
  * Backup Moderator: Jasmine 
  * Notetaker: Amanda 
  * Banter: Lily
 
  

## Action Plan:
*Where to go next, dependencies, all deadlines*
* Ways of marketing to increase attendence of events. 
  * Mary: Reach out to Umayr about marketing guidelines
* Coordinate with marketing team for advertising opportunities. 
* A list of different types of trainings required for Outreach/PrimaryEd Team
* Mary, Lily, Jasmine townhall slides 
* Everyone to finish peer reviews / edits by friday night 




## Deliverables:
*Within the next (timeframe)*

Name  | Assigned To | Deadline | Notes
------|-------------|----------|------


