## Development Sync

## Time: 7 pm PST

**Lead**
Kevin Vuong

**Attendees** (all developers)

* Atul Jayaram
* Jose Mendoza
* Joey Hua
* Taimur Kashif
* Julia Ma
* Kathy Liu
* Daniel Kim (President) (optional)

Recording Link
https://youtu.be/K2DdVWz-T1E

https://youtu.be/XEykMuE5qno

https://youtu.be/PvSYdQ7g31E

## Agenda

**3 days before the meeting**

- [x] Create Zoom link for the meeting
- [x] Create Google Calendar Invite for all attendees
- [x] Ask everyone to put their items that they've been working on the past two weeks in markdown file
- [x] Ask everyone to contribute to the agenda items and [meeting plan below](https://github.com/shreyagupta98/people/blob/master/meeting_template.md#updates)

**1 day before the meeting**

- [x] Send reminders to Slack channel tagging appropriate folks. 
- [x] Ask for last minute agenda items

**During Meeting**

- [x] Start recording
- [x] Announce:
  “This meeting is being video and audio recorded and the recording will be published publicly for transparency. If you are uncomfortable with the recording, please let your supervisor know and leave the meeting when necessary.”
- [x] Assign notetaker
- [x] Take attendance

**Start Meeting**

## Updates:

*What has been completed and can be checked off*

* Feedback on Transition to Remote?
  * Team building
  * #donuts for 3-4 ppl
  * Subtle Bit Dating (lol)
  * Round-Robin system within teams
* Bible for Developers as currently constructed
  * Problems
  * What still needs work
  * Bible for Devs **should be** a comprehensive reference for any remote developer to learn how to put together any aspect of the curriculum
    * A "one-stop-shop", if you may
* Suggestions on Checklist Plan
  * This checklist would be included on all activity/lab Epics
  * Every issue and pull request must make reference to this checklist
* What aspects of the curriculum are not clear and should be more fully documented?
  * Potential problems: Formatting according to READMEs, Checkpoints
* Discuss developing presentations
  * Flow of work (.md -> Google slides) - anything can be improved
  * Code Reviews
* Discuss Workshops 
  * Contributing to workshops

## Discussion Points:

*Ideas, feedback, concerns, plans*

* Review of managers meeting
  * Make checklist more actionable
  * Remove "finishing touches" from all stages
* Things to Cover
  * "Content of Cards makes sense" should be clarified
* Finalize Checklist

## Action Plan:

*Where to go next, dependencies, all deadlines*

* Documenting Checklist to make a Bible for Developers

## Deliverables:

*Within the next (timeframe)*

| Name                                                         | Assigned To | Deadline     | Notes                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Stage 1 Documentation                                        | Joey        | Monday, 3/30 |                                                              |
| Stage 2 Documentation                                        | Joey        | Monday, 3/30 |                                                              |
| General Items Documentation                                  | Joey        | Monday, 3/30 |                                                              |
| Stage 3 Documentation                                        | Atul        | Monday, 3/30 |                                                              |
| Stage 4 Documentation                                        | Julia       | Monday, 3/30 |                                                              |
| How this Checklist should be exactly used by Daniel (President), Kevin (or any Head of DevRel), managers and developers | Jose        | Monday, 3/30 |                                                              |
| Documentation on creating a presentation from existing curriculum (DevRel perspective) + documentation on how to review a workshop | Kathy       | Monday, 3/30 | Process of how to develop .md cards for curriculum as well as slides from .md. |
| README On workshops + how to contribute to workshops from the outside | Taimur      | Monday, 3/30 | In the workshops repository                                  |
| Round-robin system documentation                             | Kevin Vuong | Monday, 3/30 |                                                              |