# AI Society Sync
## Time: 8 pm PST

**Lead**
Kevin Vuong 

**Attendees**
* Yamini Sharma

Recording Link
[insert YouTube link to recording after meeting]

## Updates:
*What has been completed and can be checked off*

* Introduce Bit and DevRel
* Introduce workshops and MDX-Deck
* Explain benefits of working with us: framework and guidelines set for higher-quality content

## Discussion Points:
*Ideas, feedback, concerns, plans*
* Get Yamini started on converting their existing projects to MDX-Deck
* How exactly will their decks fit into the mdx-deck repo? All on one GitHub branch

## Action Plan:
*Where to go next, dependencies, all deadlines*
* Determine how many workshops they have
* Determine deadlines for each workshop to be converted based on how many people + workshops

## Deliverables:
*Within the next (timeframe)*

Name  | Assigned To | Deadline | Notes
------|-------------|----------|------
Example 1 | @studentusername2 | Feb 30th | Explanation
