# Engineering Sync
**Lead**
Meeting Lead Name : Bryan Wong (@wongband)

**Attendees**
* Kevin Vuong (@kavuong) 

### Recording Link

## Agenda
**During Meeting**
- [x] Start recording
- [x] Announce:
“This meeting is being video and audio recorded and the recording will be published publicly for transparency. If you are uncomfortable with the recording, please let your supervisor know and leave the meeting when necessary.”
- [x] Assign notetaker
- [x] Take attendance

**Start Meeting**
* Updates: what has been completed and can be checked off
* Discussion: ideas, feedback, concerns, plans
* Action Plan: where to go next, dependencies, all deadlines
* Deliverables: within the next (timeframe)

## Updates:
- Explain that the student starter code can be put at the first card. It can link to github directly.
- Talk about making a card 0 to have the student download the starter code
- Talk about putting the files needed to be submitted with the cli and putting them the checkpoints.md

## Discussion points:
- Decided to put student start code download url on the first hard card of the Activity/Lab for now. Will use this as a test run for the bitcamps. If the students do not like it then we can create a card 0 and put the starter code there. 
- Decided to add files_to_send for checkpoint.mds if the checkpoint is an Autograder checkpoint

## Action Plan:
- Make issues to integrate files_to_send for the autogenerating cli command.
- Kevin and his team will put the student starter code at the first hard card of each Activity/Lab.

## Deliverables:
Name  | Deadline | Notes
------|----------|--------
Bryan | Mar. 20 | Make issues for editing the Github integration (Checkpoints)
Kevin | Mar.21 | Updating the Github Bible for including the checkpoint files_to_send
